#88 AdnSkin multi-target support documentation (#92)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/faq.md

## How can I simulate skin?

> Skin can be simulated using the [AdnSkin](maya/skin) deformer. This deformer requires a target mesh or meshes to drive the skin simulation (i.e. the fascia) and a mesh to apply the deformer to (skin mesh). A simple setup is explained [here](maya/simple_setup#adnskin).

Reviewer: Is it better to say "This deformer requires one or more target meshes..."?

I'm not sure, most probably @lucasferryinbibo will know more about it.

Reviewer 2: Yes! what you're saying is more correct in my opinion. I would go for that change!

Author: Done. Also added this change to other parts where I wrote "target mesh or meshes".

> Skin can be simulated using the [AdnSkin](maya/skin) deformer. This deformer requires one or more target meshes to drive the skin simulation (i.e. the fascia) and a mesh to apply the deformer to (skin mesh). A simple setup is explained [here](maya/simple_setup#adnskin).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Skin can be simulated using the [AdnSkin](maya/skin) deformer. This deformer requires one or more target meshes (i.e. the fat) to drive the skin simulation and a mesh to apply the deformer to (skin mesh). A simple setup is explained [here](maya/simple_setup#adnskin).
```

Author: Done.

## How can I simulate fascia?

> Similarly to a skin simulation setup, the fascia can be simulated using [AdnSkin](maya/skin) deformer as well. In this case, it is recommended to use values of *Rest Length Multiplier* lower than 1. This deformer also requires a mesh (one target mesh, i.e. the internal muscle geometries combined) or meshes (multiple target meshes, i.e. the internal muscle geometries separated) to drive the simulation and a mesh to apply the deformer to (fascia geometry).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similarly to a skin simulation setup, the fascia can be simulated using [AdnSkin](maya/skin) deformer as well. In this case, it is recommended to use values of *Rest Length Multiplier* lower than 1. This deformer also requires one mesh (a single target, i.e. the muscle geometries combined) or multiple meshes (multiple targets, i.e. the muscle geometries separated) to drive the simulation and a mesh to apply the deformer to (fascia geometry).
```

Author: Done.
